update table in README (#12)
tc39/proposal-promise-any: README.md

There are four main combinators in the `Promise` landscape.

> | name                 | resolve value                              | reject value                               | short-circuits?                  | spec                                                                        |

Reviewer: typically i would expect this to be called “fulfillment value” and “rejection reason”
```suggestion
| name                 | fulfillment value                          | rejection reason                           | short-circuits?                  | spec                                                                        |
```

| -------------------- | ------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------ | -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `Promise.allSettled` | array of all settled input values          | (does not reject)                          | (does not short-circuit)         | [separate proposal](https://github.com/tc39/proposal-promise-allSettled) 🔜 |

> | `Promise.race`       | first settled input value, if it resolved  | first settled input value, if it rejected  | when an input value is settled   | added in ES2015 ✅                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Promise.race`       | first settled input value, if it fulfilled  | first settled input value, if it rejected  | when an input value is settled   | added in ES2015 ✅                                                           |
```

> | `Promise.all`        | array of all input values, if all resolved | first rejected input value                 | when an input value is rejected  | added in ES2015 ✅                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Promise.all`        | array of all input values, if all fulfilled | first rejected input reason                 | when an input value is rejected  | added in ES2015 ✅                                                           |
```

> | `Promise.any`        | first resolved input value                 | array of all input values, if all rejected | when an input value is resolved  | this proposal 🆕                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `Promise.any`        | first fulfilled input value                 | array of all rejection reasons, if all rejected | when an input value is resolved  | this proposal 🆕                                                             |
```
